Blog post: Equinix Provider (#3102)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/blog/tour-pulumi-equinix-provider/index.md

The codebase gives an excellent example of one of Pulumi's most compelling features: the ability to manage and orchestrate many different kinds of resources in real programming languages with a single tool. In addition to the Equinix provider which is used to manage the bare metal compute resources, the codebase also uses the following providers:

1. [Cloud-init](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/cloudinit/), to run initialization scripts that install the necessary services to run Kubernetes on the bare metal instances once they are spun up. To get details on what the Cloud-Init scripts are doing on the control plane and worker nodes respectively, see [Kubernetes the Hard Way](https://github.com/kelseyhightower/kubernetes-the-hard-way).
1. [TLS](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/tls/), to manage cryptographic resources that allow nodes to join the cluster.
1. [Command](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/command/), which is used to synchronize cluster joining operations and to read the kubeconfig from the control plane.
1. [Random](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/random/), which is used to generate a token for nodes to join the control plane.

> Before running the Pulumi program, you'll need to [configure your Equinix credentials](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/equinix/installation-configuration/#credentials). Once that's done, you can run the following commands to deploy the cluster:

Reviewer: it would be nice to mention the optional config variables, something like this

```suggestion
Before running the Pulumi program, ensure you've [configured your Equinix credentials](https://www.pulumi.com/registry/packages/equinix/installation-configuration/#credentials). Additionally, if you wish to customize specific aspects of the deployment, you can set the template [configuration values](https://github.com/equinix-labs/pulumi-equinix-kubernetes-cluster/#configuration-variables). Once that's done, execute the following commands to deploy the cluster:
```

Author: Will be added to the updated PR.

{{% chooser language "typescript,python" / %}}

{{% choosable language typescript %}}

```bash
cd nodejs
npm i
pulumi up
```

{{% /choosable %}}

{{% choosable language python %}}

```bash
cd python
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
pulumi up
```

{{% /choosable %}}

> When the commands complete, you'll have a working cluster. From there, you can write the cluster's Kubeconfig to a file and set it as your default file:

Reviewer: It would also be great to highlight how fast it works

```suggestion
After executing the commands, the process will require approximately 5 minutes to finish, resulting in a fully operational cluster. From there, you can write the cluster's Kubeconfig to a file and set it as your default file:
```

Author: Will be added to updated PR (see below).
